# CS-370
This project was mainly about creating an intelligent agent to solve a puzzle maze. We were initially given the starter code for this project. However, we needed to write out the code for the actual intelligent agent. We also needed to make sure that we could utilize a Q-learning algorithm in order to have reinforcement learning inflicted upon the intelligent agent so it could solve the puzzle maze.

Computer scientists actually are mainly focused on solving issues through computers and studying the use of computers and how they can improve solving issues in the everyday world. One thing that could be utilized to help this project is possibly building an executable file which would open a window and make this really a separate orientation from the Notebook. Also maybe there could be some standalone base module which would be able to be customized so it really could be reusable and another company could utilize this software. This may seem disadvantageous however, they could license this product and make a profit off this and still be able to have their own proprietary rights to the software they have for their own product.

As working like a computer scientist one should try to understand what is being asked of them. These requirements were mainly focused on basic functionality within the database and this problem needed to be solved by acquiring the right knowledge which was obtained through documentation, resources such as GitHub or StackOverflow etc. This wasn't really different from many other problems in other courses as documentation is mainly instructions so one needs to have the problem be known then research through sources and gather instructions and then implement those to solve the problem. Along with other resources as stated above this can be an easy task as many developers utilize these resources to get a basis of understanding of how to proceed to solve the said issue.

Ethical responsibilities are needed to be understood through the Software Development Process. The ethical responsibilities that are needed to the end user is that we need to protect their data and privacy so that we could fulfill that trust. Ethical responsibilities to the organization is mainly about fulfilling the tasks that are required to accommodate what the organization is requesting. These responsibilities are very important because we need to make sure we are fulfilling what we need to do to both parties of this agreement and not only that we need to make sure we are doing due diligence with our own software development process when we wish to solve problems. 
